== README

This is Drew Boardman's entry for the SpringBot interview coding assignment. A list of the app's feature are below:

 * Restaurants added are site wide - allowing for multiple users to benefit from all ratings.
 * In addition to the user's individual ratings, restaurants are listed with the average rating among all users (which is one metric in determining the recommended restaurant)
 * Restaurants can be rated 1-5, and ratings can be updated in user's change their mind about a particular restaurant. Rating is a seperate Model and table. It contains reference ids to User and Restaurant.
 * Visited in another Model and table as well, with the same relationships as Rating. The date is stored as a date_field and is compared with the current time to help determine the recommendation.
 * The root url of the app is dashboards#show (unless the signed_in? filter brings you to the sign in page). The recommended restaurant is among the things on the dashboard.
 * The front-end uses Bootstrap and responsive design.

Recommendation Feature:
 * The User model holds the logic for the recommendation.
 * A size=3 array is created holding the top 3 rated (average rating among all users) restaurants.
 * The last_day? method returns a boolean. True represents a restaurant that has been visited in the last 24 hours. These restaurants will remain in the top_three array but will not be displayed as a recommendation.
 * A random/eligible index from the top_three array will be displayed as the recommended restaurant.
